docs: document new helm repository related k-cli commands (#4052)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/install/air-gapped/index.md

- A Docker registry containing all the necessary Docker installation images, including the Kommander images. The `kommander-image-bundle.tar` tarball has the required artifacts.

> - A charts bundle file containing all the Helm charts that Kommander installation needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A charts bundle file containing all Helm charts that Kommander installation needs.
```

- [MetalLB enabled and configured][air-gap-install-metallb], which provides load-balancing services.

### Kommander charts bundle

> Charts bundle is a Gziped Tar archive containing Helm charts required during Kommander installation.

Reviewer 2: Need to add this to accept.txt

Reviewer: Added to the list: (Gzipped|gzipped)

> Charts bundle is a Gziped Tar archive containing Helm charts required during Kommander installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The charts bundle is a Gziped Tar archive containing Helm charts, which are required during Kommander installation.
```

> It can be created using Kommander CLI or downloaded together with Kommander CLI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It can be created with the Kommander CLI or downloaded along with the Kommander CLI.
```

> It can be created using Kommander CLI or downloaded together with Kommander CLI

Reviewer 4: Create the charts bundle with the Kommander CLI or download along with the Kommander CLI.

> In order to create bundle please execute command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a bundle:
```

> In order to create bundle please execute command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute this command to create the charts bundle:
```

    ```bash
    kommander helmmirror create bundle
    ```

> This will result in file `charts-bundle.tar.gz` being created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kommander creates `charts-bundle.tar.gz`.
```

> Optionally, the output file can be specified using `-o` parameter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optionally, specify the output using the `-o` parameter:
```

    ```bash
    kommander helmmirror create bundle -o [name of the output file]
    ```

### Kommander's internal Helm repository

> Kommander charts bundle is uploaded to Kommander's internal Helm repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kommander charts bundle is uploaded to Kommander's internal Helm repository.
```

> It contents can be inspected using following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To inspect the contents:
```

    ```bash
    kommander helmmirror get charts
    ```

Individual charts can be removed using:

    ```bash
    kommander helmmirror delete chart [chartName] [chartVersion]
    ```

It is possible to upload new charts as well:

    ```bash
    kommander helmmirror upload chart [chartTarball]
    ```

> Or upload new bundle altogether:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Or upload a new bundle:
```
